Cisco-Packet-Tracer
===================

This project is totally dedicated to the fresh Network Engineer for new and smart learning of the Network Structure. In this concept it is possible for the networker to check the incoming & the outgoing traffic and to maintain some security concepts as well. In this logic we use the multiple Routing Protocols & Security concepts in the Networking Environment. Now it will show the proper movement of the packet from one department of the Railway office to the other Departments. The project is associated such that it’s taking the Network Support & Maintenance Contract through Network Bulls Technology. The Railway Office is divided into different Departments named as Billing Department, Reservation Department & Accounts Departments. The project consists of the Access Control List & Network Address Translation concept for security purpose. The Railway Network is connected to the Internet Service Provider through which the Network is getting Maintained & Monitored by Network Bulls Technology. The Dynamic Host Configuration protocol has also been applied on the internal department’s Routers so that the IP Parameters can be provided dynamically. The Routing Protocol has been applied for inside Network which is EIGRP (Enhanced Distance Vector Routing Protocol).  The Default Routing has been applied on ISP (Internet Service Provider) end. The Inside Railway Server has been implemented for the working of the Network & the Database of the Internal Network to be managed. The Concept of VLAN & Inter VLAN Routing has been implemented along with the Frame tagging & Encapsulation techniques.
